Typos and phrasing (#151)
fiskaltrust/faq: qna/DE-action-start-de.md

## Question
How is the start time of a transaction determined for the German market?

## Question
How can I set the start time of a transaction for the German market?

## Question
Which start times of a transaction must be printed on the receipt in Germany?

## Metadata tags
lang-en, market-de, middleware

## Answer

> The receipt must contain three date/time pairs, in cases of long lasting transactions even four:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The receipt must contain three date/time pairs, in cases of long-lasting sales preparation processes even four:
```

1. Date and time of receipt issuance/creation (DE: Datum der Belegausstellung)

> 2. Start date and time of the transaction (DE: Zeitpunkt des Vorgangbeginns)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Date and time of the start transaction (DE: Zeitpunkt des Vorgangbeginns)
```

3. End date and time of the transaction (DE: Zeitpunkt der Vorgangsbeendigung)
4. In the special case of long lasting transactions (DE: lang anhaltender Bestellvorgang): Start date and time of the first order (DE: Startzeitpunkt der ersten „Bestellung“ im Bondruck)

The time of the receipt creation can be transmitted in the receipt request by using the field `ReceiptRequest.cbReceiptMoment`. It must be provided in UTC.

For a receipt request of type `pos-receipt`, fiskaltrust.Middleware returns three dates in the signature block that can be used for printing the receipt:

> 1. Time of the start transaction submitted to the TSE (`ftSignatureType`: `0x4445000000000019`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Time of the start transaction submitted from the TSE (`ftSignatureType`: `0x4445000000000019`).
```

Author: From? Is that value coming **from** the TSE? Probably would use _by_ then.

> 2. Time of the finish transaction submitted to the TSE (`ftSignatureType`: `0x444500000000001A`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Time of the finish transaction submitted from the TSE (`ftSignatureType`: `0x444500000000001A`).
```

Author: From? Is that value coming **from** the TSE? Probably would use _by_ then.

Reviewer: I think these values are coming from the tse. The "by" was my 2nd option.

Author: @TSchmiedlechner, are these values submitted to the TSE or do they come back from it?

> 3. Calculated start time of the action = the minimum of the date/time pairs (`ReceiptRequest.cbReceiptMoment,ftChargeItem[i].Moment, ftPayItem[i].Moment`) sent  to fiskaltrust.Middleware in the pos-receipt request. The entry has the signature type: `ftSignatureType`: `0x444500000000001F`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Calculated start time of the Start date and time of the first transaction (order) = the minimum of the date/time pairs (`ReceiptRequest.cbReceiptMoment,ftChargeItem[i].Moment, ftPayItem[i].Moment`) sent to fiskaltrust.Middleware in the pos-receipt request. The entry has the signature type: `ftSignatureType`: `0x444500000000001F`.
```

> Depending on your use case you can decide which of the returned times you want to print. For example, in normal cases (no long lasting action) you may print the calculated start time of the action  (`ftSignatureType`: `0x444500000000001F`) as the start time of the action (DE: Zeitpunkt des Vorgangbeginns) on your receipt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your use case you have to decide which of the returned date and times you have to print. For example, in normal cases (no long-lasting sales preparation process) you may print the calculated start time of the transaction  (`ftSignatureType`: `0x444500000000001F`) as the start time of the transaction  (DE: Zeitpunkt des Vorgangbeginns) on your receipt.
```

> On the other hand, if your use case includes long lasting transactions - assuming that you sent the first ordered charge item having the datetime (`ftChargeItem.Moment`) of that order - you may want to use the calculated start time of the action (`ftSignatureType`: `0x444500000000001F`) as the start time of the first order (DE: Startzeitpunkt der ersten „Bestellung“ im Bondruck.). Furthermore, you may use the returned time of the start transaction (`ftSignatureType`: `0x4445000000000019`) as the start time of the transaction (DE: Zeitpunkt des Vorgangbeginns).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, if your use case includes long-lasting sales preparation process - assuming that you sent the first ordered charge item having the datetime (`ftChargeItem.Moment`) of that order - you may want to use the calculated start time of the transaction (`ftSignatureType`: `0x444500000000001F`) as the start time of the first sales preparation (DE: Startzeitpunkt der ersten verkaufsvorbereitenden Vorgangs). Furthermore, you may use the returned time of the start transaction (`ftSignatureType`: `0x4445000000000019`) as the start time of the transaction (DE: Zeitpunkt des Vorgangbeginns).
```
